OUTLINE:
Intro - Who I am/where I come from

Scholastic/work history

Success in this class & IIT

Future Career Goals

Conclusion - Overall Ambitions

_______

My name is Amy Kamin, and I am a third-year Digital Humanities major currently living in Chicago, Illinois.  As a child, my family and I moved around quite a bit, and I ended up needing to adapt and make new friends quickly each time we settled into a new community.  It is something that, while difficult at the time, I have learned to appreciate about my life, as it taught me patience, kindness, respect, and resiliance.  Also, for ten years I was an only child to my parents, as well as the only child in my extended family.  It was tough not having children to play with outside of my limited friend circle, however I learned to occupy myself and get creative when it came to my own entertainment.  I feel like these skills have transferred well into my adult life, and have the potential to propell me forward in my scholastic endeavors as well as my career.

My post-secondary education has evolved over what some might consider a great amount of time.  In 2003, I graduated high school and was accepted into Loyola University Chicago, however, I could not complete classes due to a number of personal issues and had to withdraw.  I remained in Chicago though, and found a full-time working position as a temporary file clerk.  This position provided a number of connections that led me to my next position as a receptionist at a law firm downtown.  However, being young, I took poor advantage of this opportunity and ended up getting myself fired (the first and last time I would let this happen).  With my financial state in ruins, I moved back home with my parents and began to regroup: I enrolled in a local community college to study physics and worked to save money so I could move back to Chicago.  Which I did, in 2010.  After working full-time for a few more years and slowly completing more college coursework, I eventually gained enough insight to push me in a new direction: out of the workforce and into academia proper to study digital humanities at Illinois Tech.

Success at Illinois Tech depends on my continued desire to learn while working full-time and observing how these desires intersect with my interest in not going insane.  The coursework at IIT is challenging and engaging, however the time required to devote to studying, reading, and writing is considerable and can wreak havoc on my ability to maintain good relationships with my friends and family.  Case in point: my fuse had become so short around the last week of classes last semester, that I argued with several of my closest friends, effectively pushing them away until I could complete my pile of final projects and papers.  While admittedly not healthy, it brought to my attention the level of focus I require around that time, and forced a discussion with those I love to request some understanding from them.  It is also important to mention that I was not oblivious to the potential for chaos when I enrolled at IIT, I merely mention this because I learned a lot about myself last semester.
